report: add `--report-exclude-network` option (#51645)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

exception. Useful when inspecting the JavaScript stack in conjunction with
native stack and other runtime environment data.

### `--report-exclude-network`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Exclude `header.networkInterfaces` from the diagnostic report. Default is
> `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exclude `header.networkInterfaces` from the diagnostic report. By default
this is not set and the network interfaces are included.
```

This should be described without mentioning booleans because to unset it you don't actually pass a false value but do --no-...
